Stylemanager tags rightclick (#4701)
qgis/QGIS-Documentation: source/docs/user_manual/style_library/style_manager.rst

* :guilabel:`Add to Favorites`;
* :guilabel:`Remove from Favorites`;
* :menuselection:`Add to Tag -->` and select the appropriate tag or create a new

>   one to use; the currently selected tabs are labelled;

Reviewer: typos: tags vs tabs and labeled vs labelled  (doc is en-US)
All the tags in the style db are **_labeled_** in the contextual menu (as I think the previous line implies it - should we make it more obvious?); not only the "currently selected" (what does this expression refer to?). The missing information here imho would be something like
```suggestion
  one to use; the currently assigned tags are checked;
```
